ipad cases on testitude appreciation I
nigga of the mark target as nice of us
dacia is a line ipad case in porto
trippin off awesome labora contactos
that is a bunion saunders ipad case
thats it a solution better than on so i
hear of their four-year a simile other
and that a shiny little ish buttons of
them display on manhattan and fuses
adjusted to a devil for NY never too
early to start over vitas california
just a clearances my contact us hi mica
thank you very much for joining me would
you care to explain how this works if
not by magic thanks very much it works
basically by taking a very thin layer of
transparent polymer that replaces the
cover lens on on a device in this case
is an aftermarket case that you can
simply slide your device into and inside
of this is a special fluid that when you
slide the lever the fluid comes up and
makes real physical buttons that you can
guide your fingers near the keys to
enhance the typing to speed the accuracy
and most important that tactile
sensation it really makes it a joy to
actually type with icecube desert so I
mukesh captain monk on matey's are doing
shoots folio d via gonna shoot for you
know I've after this big display your
Clippard invader it's written the
intestines also fuels leniency a hitman
lesson order amount in task and didactic
buttons so this is an ipad case but you
have a couple other products in the
pipeline as well what are we looking at
absolutely so this is an aftermarket
devices we described it can be made for
macintosh type of structure and apple
structure androids etc but we're also
working on embedded devices where the
buttons are integrated into the system
itself such as for operating system
buttons or keyboards etc where the
software will control on demand when
they arise and when they go back into
the city into the screen okay so
whenever you what kind of time frame are
we looking what one can we expect the
aftermarket cases and maybe the embedded
devices aftermarket devices will be
available in about six months from now
mid-2014 and not too long after that
embed
writers as well in the near future as it
has a good house fuer eine taxation here
and HAP dishes feedback often display
only does this desmond keyboard and
waked vehement here slide most desmond
dig his case coffin was born on keyboard
Renesmee bluetooth on that was a sauna
930 wrecked of them display shine leezak
nap and us four cases v photos ipad
order for under tablets or smartphones
or 930 wrecked off from here stella jean
hang about Zola's the software in
smartphone or durham tablet control en
can run an interest that we are shined
on onesie BFF ended similar cool and
descriptors here in Las Vegas from
tactus